Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to talk about how we can test the AI agent tool callings.
So tool calling is another important feature that we saw in our earlier sections of this course, where
we were talking about how we can do use the tooling support that we have got over here that we have
built, and we can fuse that with our AI agents.
And the decision engine in this case is going to be our large language model.
But still the tool is the one which is responsible for invoking the appropriate tool for us, for instance,
the Wikipedia tool or the subtract custom tool or addition tool or playwright tool that we have built.
So all these tools, it's going to be invoked by the AI agent for us.
And these are the tools which are going to be invoked for us.
And just consider this like we have got our organization with more than hundreds and thousands of tools,
and we need to test how these tools are correctly being invoked based on a given input parameter.
So in order for making that happen, we need to ensure that the AI agent calls the exact tool.
And in order to measure this, we are going to be using our deep eval feature with tool correctness
evaluation metrics.
So this is the feature where it is going to be helping us to perform the same kind of operation that
you are seeing over here.
We are going to be passing the same kind of data to our deep valve.
But just that over here we are going to verify whether the invoked tool coming from the actual tool
is matching to the expected tool invocation that we have got.
And the way that we can do it is using the tool correctness metrics available in deep eval, as you
can see over here.
So this tool correctness metric is an a generic LM metrics that assess your large language models agents
function tool calling ability.
And it calculated by comparing whether every tool that is expected to be used was intended as called
there or not.
And you can see that they have got some required arguments.
You need to pass the input actual output tool called an expected tool.
So these are the only thing which is as a required argument for this tool correctness metrics.
And they have given a simple example over here.
And most importantly you can notice that this particular tool metrics the tool correctness metrics.
You can't really use it with the confident I portal so you can see that they don't really have an evaluate
method like deep eval dot evaluate method.
You can't really use it over here.
So if you just go to the contextual relevance metrics over here, you can see that you can evaluate
in bulk using this evaluate method.
And this evaluate method is the one which is going to call the confident AI's portal.
And it's going to show you the graph and all those things that we were doing in our last lecture section
of this course.
But over here, uh, in this particular tool, correctness, you can't see that there is going to be
an evaluate method supported.
So evaluate method is not supported to perform this operation at the moment during the time of recording.
So maybe in future they will.
But at the moment they don't really have the way to do a comparison of the tool correctness and things
of that nature.
So you don't see those information in your, uh, confident AI portal that we were discussing in our
last section of the course.
So you don't see that fancy, uh, you know, graphs and stuff.
But over here it is very straightforward.
All you have to do is you need to just prepare the data for the LM test case, like how we did in our
earlier section of the course.
And the only thing is you need to just call the tool correctness metrics.
And then you can do a measure.
And that is going to do the measurement for you.
And they have got a lot of different parameters that you can pass in, uh, to ensure that the tool
correctness mechanism works fine or not.
And the way it is calculated is basically tool correctness is the number of correctly used tool, which
is from the input and output parameter and the total number of tools being called.
Based on that, it is going to give you the average of the tool correctness over here.
And you will also notice that for the tool called parameter we need to have, we need to call a class
called as tool call.
And you need to pass the name of the tool.
And you can also pass not just the tool call, but you can also pass the input parameter output parameter
in this particular tool called so that it will become even more realistic.
Because every tool that we build, we will have an input parameter and an output parameter, or maybe
an output itself for from that particular tool.
So we can pass those informations as well.
So we will see how we can make all of these happen in this particular section.
And we can ensure that we can also test the AI agents tool calling feature from within our tool Correctness
metrics.